Add OpenAI Authentication guide (#113)
moveworks/developer-docs: authentication-guides/openai/README.md

    
    ![Untitled](Authentication%20Tutorial%20OpenAI%20c764b9c442a64a469cc4c80d60f54190/Untitled%202.png)
    
5. Copy and save the secret key in a safe and accessible place.
    
    ![Untitled](Authentication%20Tutorial%20OpenAI%20c764b9c442a64a469cc4c80d60f54190/Untitled%203.png)
    

## **Step 2: Test with Postman**

1. Set up your request in Postman with your `API Key`.
    
    ```bash
    curl https://api.openai.com/v1/models \
      -H "Authorization: Bearer $OPENAI_API_KEY"
    ```
    
2. Import this request into Postman and execute it. You should get a successful response of your user information.
    
    ![Untitled](Authentication%20Tutorial%20OpenAI%20c764b9c442a64a469cc4c80d60f54190/Untitled%204.png)
    

## **Step 3: Integrate with Creator Studio**

1. In Creator Studio, create a new connector with the following configuration:
    - Base URL: `https://api.openai.com`
    - Auth Config: `Api Key Auth`
    - Api Key Auth Auth Type: `Header Auth`
    - Header Auth Key: `Authorization`
    - Header Auth Value Pattern: `Bearer %s`
    - Api Key: `{{OPENAI_API_KEY}}`

> 2. Define your API action for channel creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Define your API for listing OpenAI Models as a test API
```
